Getting Started & Lexicon (#6)
osoc24/doco: getting-started.md

---
title: Introduction
lang: en-US
next:
  link: "/lexicon"
  text: "Lexicon"
---

> # Welcome to the LOAMA handover page!

Reviewer: would not call it "Handover page" as it is basically just documentation. Handover page implies the osoc context.

> **L**inked **O**pen **A**ccess **M**anagement **A**pp

This website is meant for documenting the LOAMA project, the different dependencies, and additional notes for future development.

::: tip :mag_right: Look around! 
To navigate through the handover, you can use the **header**, **sidebar**, and **search bar**.
:::

## Goals

The LOAMA project was born out of 3 goals:
1. **Allow people to manage SOLID permissions**: Solid pods allow you to retain your data, but managing who can access that data hasn't been easy. LOAMA wants to make this easier by providing **a user-friendly way to manage those permissions.**
2. **Envision a privacy-focused way to request permission**: Applications can use Solid pods, which allow users to bring and manage their own data, but how would an application request those permissions in a clear and privacy-first way?

> 3. **Make Solid and its benefits more clear**: Solid allows for control of your data that is unknown on the internet today, but that control also brings a lot of complexity for users. LOAMA tries to make this more understandable by providing a revised [Lexicon](/lexicon) and creating an interface that is focused on ease of use.

Reviewer: `for control of your data that is unknown on the internet today` is a bit of a weird sentence. What do you want to communicate?

Author: Basically that it's unheard of in today's context, but I do agree that I've written in kinda *badly*. I'll go ahead and change it.

[**Read more here :arrow_right:**](/project/goal.md)

## Research

In order to understand our users and how they would interact with our project, we spent time defining our target audience and creating a fitting theme by taking inspiration from the [Solid Project](https://solidproject.org).

[**Read more here :arrow_right:**](/project/audience.md)

## Deliverables

> Thanks to research, we gained a steady foundation to create our application. These applications were created and developed with feedback from [Imec](https://www.imec-int.com/) and [IDLab](https://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en). Out of the feedback from them and the entire OSOC team, we designed and developed the following applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to research, we gained a steady foundation to create our application. These applications were created and developed with feedback from [Imec](https://www.imec-int.com/) and [IDLab](https://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en). From their feedback and the entire osoc team's, we designed and developed the following applications:
```

- [Loama :arrow_right:](/loama/index.md)
- [Mockbook :arrow_right:](/toco/mockbook/index.md)
- [DoctorApp :arrow_right:](/toco/doctorapp/index.md) 

## Future Prospects

> Unfortunately, we had only 4 weeks for this project *(and we wished we had more time)*. In order to help future development for LOAMA, we provide an overview of the current [limitations](/lexicon.md) and [future considerations](/loama/feedback.md) for the project.

Reviewer: Would not start a paragraph with "Unfortunately", but rather focus on positive communication

## Brought by IMEC & IDLab

> This project was made possible by [Imec](https://www.imec-int.com/) and [IDLab](https://www.ugent.be/ea/idlab/en):

Reviewer 2: The way that it's formulated, it appears that IMEC & IDLab are two teams that aren't necessarily the same. Thus, I suggest formulating it more like: `... possible by IDLab, a collaboration between UGent and Imec.`

Author: But below I explain the difference and they *are* 2 different team, right?

> - Imec is the world's leading independent nanoelectronics R&D hub. The combination of their talent, infrastructure, and partner network enables breakthroughs towards microchips that are smaller, faster, more affordable, and more sustainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Imec is the world's leading independent nanoelectronics R&D hub. The combination of their talent, infrastructure, and partner network enables breakthroughs towards smaller, faster, more affordable, and more sustainable microchips.
```

- IDLab is a collaboration between [UGent](https://www.ugent.be/) and [Imec](https://www.imec-int.com/) and performs research on a wide range of topics, such as AI, IoT, Networking, Circuit design and more.

> ::: tip :rocket: Powered by OSOC

Reviewer: tip?

Author: It's basically a highlight container, but they call it a tip. It looks like this: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aeb27c44-df1d-40a8-b3bf-edcb106a7da7)
